Add AI policy section to the ranking criteria (#15087)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_criteria/en.md

- **No two hit objects can be placed on the same tick.** This includes hit circles and the durations of sliders and spinners. osu!mania difficulties are exempt from this.
- **There must be at least 10 milliseconds between a hit circle and the next object, and at least 20 milliseconds between the end of a slider and the next object.** osu!mania and osu!catch difficulties are exempt from this.
- **All beatmap content must be cleared regarding [content usage permissions](/wiki/Rules/Content_usage_permissions#artist-permissions).** For artists or tracks which are listed as disallowed on the page, their songs may only be ranked if explicit permission for the track is given to the beatmap host. Proof of permission must be presented in the beatmap description or the discussion page.
- **Creators of visual media used in a beatmap must be credited in the beatmap's description.** The sources must also be linked whenever possible. In cases without direct or safe-for-work web pages to provide, or the specific artist is unknown, the following is also allowed to credit the media's origin:

>   - Crediting the media as "from `game name`", "screenshot from `official music video`", or similar formats.

Reviewer: haven't seen code blocks denote placeholders before

```suggestion
  - Crediting the media as "from {game name}", "screenshot from {official music video}", or similar formats.
```

>   - Image reprints with enough metadata to help verify the original human creator of a work.

Reviewer: what does "image reprint" refer to? a paper copy (of what)?

Reviewer 2: "Reprint" is another word for "reupload" (specifically, a Japanese loanword version of the latter). I agree that "reupload" would make more sense here.

Author: I can change it as long as reupload is clear enough.

Reviewer: so "link to an image" in english, i suppose

Reviewer: again to be clear, the "image reupload"/"reprint" part is weird and doesn't sound natural here

Author: I have re-updated the wording now

>   - A link to the image uploaded on another website which contains enough metadata to verify the original human creator of a work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A link to an image which contains enough metadata to verify the original human creator of the work.
```

Author: The suggestion is a different overall meaning from the original that was in the thread. It implies the link itself would hold the needed information and not the post on the external website.

Reviewer: i see i've been misreading the whole thing. i thought we were talking about song metadata

## AI policy

The core intent of these rules is allowing osu! to remain a space to celebrate human creativity, and its community a welcoming one to artists. Allowing exclusively human-created songs, artwork, and beatmaps goes hand-in-hand with these goals.

Any cases not covered will be handled on a case-by-case basis and may result in subsequent updates to the rules.

- **A beatmap's hit objects, hitsounds and timing must be created exclusively by direct human input without the use of any generative tooling.** Creating beatmaps is a fundamentally creative process, so using shortcuts like generative AI is unacceptable for ranking.
- **Any image assets in the beatmap and its description which are substantially AI-generated must not be used.**
  - Unacceptable examples include:
    - Direct outputs from generative AI programs.
    - Generative AI outputs with human graphic design or editing.
    - Images from wallpaper or image websites that are found to have been AI-generated.
  - Acceptable use cases may include:
    - Use of upscaling tools on low-resolution images that are otherwise made by human artists.

>     - Use of smart tools such as "content aware selection" found in software such as Photoshop to edit human-created media.

Reviewer 3: I still dunno about either of these, but I guess we can adjust going forward?

Reviewer 4: Would personally stick with them and see how it goes. It is true that some tools have shoehorned featured which are partly or fully aided by AI models. We can probably judge on a case by case basis whether the result of using these tools has a significant effect on the asset's quality.

  - **When using many commands of the same type on a sprite, try leaving at least 16 ms between their start times.** 60 commands per second is often more than enough for any sprite to make smooth transitions on an average setup. This is for the sake of reducing file size and loading times.
  - **Fade out sprites activated from triggers after usage.** Triggers will activate from their first possible command and stay active until the end of the difficulty, which is why fading these out when done is preferable.

> 

Reviewer: ci error

```suggestion
```

> ## AI Policies

Reviewer: sentence case

```suggestion
## AI policy
```

> At its core, we want osu! to remain a space to celebrate human creativity. The community should also remain welcoming to artists. Allowing exclusively human-created songs, artwork, and beatmaps goes hand-in-hand with these goals. The following rules will likely evolve over time.

Reviewer: does this really need a preamble out of the blue in this article? kinda feels like something for `Rules/` and not the rc (and who is "we")

Author: I don't think this is that out of place given other sub pages have introductory sentences or paragraphs for different reasons, such as statements in metadata RC, explanations in game mode RCs, and additional details in skin set list RCs. 

As for "we" I'd need suggestions as my original paragraph was too clunky, this version was written by peppy, and I wouldn't want to re-clunkify it with my messier writing.

Reviewer: other section leads are more description than statement and the tone is different, so i would suggest something slightly dryer

```suggestion
The core intent of these rules is allowing osu! to remain a space to celebrate human creativity, and its community a welcoming one to artists. Allowing exclusively human-created songs, artwork, and beatmaps goes hand-in-hand with these goals.
```

the part about the rules evolving is stated in the next paragraph

Any cases not covered will be handled on a case-by-case basis and may result in subsequent updates to the rules.

- **A beatmap's hit objects, hitsounds and timing must be created exclusively by direct human input without the use of any generative tooling.** Creating beatmaps is a fundamentally creative process, so using shortcuts like generative AI is unacceptable for ranking.

> - **Beatmap images[^beatmap-images] which are substantially AI generated must not be used.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Beatmap images[^beatmap-images] which are substantially AI-generated must not be used.**
```

  - Unacceptable examples include:
    - Direct outputs from generative AI programs.

>     - Generative AI outputs with human graphics design or editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Generative AI outputs with human graphic design or editing.
```

>     - Images from wallpaper or image websites that are found to have been AI generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Images from wallpaper or image websites that are found to have been AI-generated.
```

  - Acceptable use cases may include:

>     - Use of upscaling tools on low resolution images that are otherwise made by human artists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use of upscaling tools on low-resolution images that are otherwise made by human artists.
```

    - Use of smart tools such as "content aware selection" found in software such as Photoshop to edit human-created media.

> - **Videos which are substantially AI generated must not be used.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Videos which are substantially AI-generated must not be used.**
```

  - Unacceptable examples include:
    - Direct outputs from generative AI programs.
    - Clips from generative AI programs which are edited together.
    - Videos in which sections, characters, or background images were created using generative AI programs.

> - **Songs which are substantially AI generated must not be used.** For instance, a song created by prompting in generative AI music software or services can not be ranked. 

Reviewer: insert style guide reference

```suggestion
- **Songs which are substantially AI generated must not be used.** For instance, a song created by prompting in generative AI music software or services cannot be ranked. 
```

  - Advanced VSTs which use AI assistance and ethical data sourcing are allowed, as long as it is a software ultimately controlled and edited in detail by a human musician. 
  - Acceptable use cases may include:

>     - Featuring synthesized singers from software made with voice provider consent, such as Synth V or VOCALOID 5/6.

Reviewer: 🇬🇧 

```suggestion
    - Featuring synthesised singers from software made with voice provider consent, such as Synth V or VOCALOID 5/6.
```

    - Mixing tools which can help remove noise, popping, or other live recording errors.
    - Other individual instrument VSTs that serve solely as a musician-controlled instrument, and not as song creators.

## Notes

[^maximum-dimensions]: Backgrounds which are also used as storyboard images may follow [the storyboard images rule for maximum dimensions](/wiki/Ranking_criteria#rules.6) instead.
[^normal-vs-addition]: [Hitsounds](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) consist of an always-present *hitnormal* sample, and any combination of whistle, finish, or clap sample *additions*.
[^songs-comp-note]: The following rule does not apply to [song compilations](/wiki/Beatmap/Song_compilation).

> [^beatmap-images]: Beatmap backgrounds, storyboard images, skin elements, and description images.

Reviewer: how about writing "any image assets in the beatmap and its description" instead of this footnote

Author: To replace the current footnote draft or in the rule itself?

Reviewer: to remove the need for a footnote and put the wording into the rule itself
